Sonic oh just kidding Sal kiss wasn't
that great I suppose you can do better
his grass green is water wet
Oh what oh it's a part of the game
that's not how I used to remember that's
how I remember it
up for round two so this is Sally exe
the sequel the sequel to sonic.exe and
that's Amy with our hammer of doom
it looks like Tails and Knuckles are
already messed up so I guess we're gonna
play this game so you guys have been
asking for it so I'm gonna play it
Sega 666 dua hit like and okay enter
worked alright alright enter worked
I clicked in nothing happened Kyle
didn't want to play with me what a shame
but I can play with you cut him last one
knew my name too
thanks for giving me goosebumps not
perfect
act 1 all right
Oh Amy's in love look at her she's just
in love with you Sonic what's up what
are you doing Sonic
Oh so I guess I'm jumping in there with
you huh Amy's got in their lives whoa
whoa what the hell oh this is kind of
cool oh shit
I don't know who that character is buts
Amy's gone
I haven't played sonic in forever
kindda kim dan fair condign fair cream
oh yeah this is um isn't it something
more than cream okay now remember okay
I'm running oh look at that I'm fast oh
I got all the power-ups look at all the
power-ups
I'm just speed power-ups gonna have a
seizure from all these bright colors
how is this excited about the power-ups
well there's cream oh no now I'm gonna
play us I'm gonna play a Sally this is
Sally right at 9:00
a line yep oh shit
there's all his uh victims Amy cream dr.
Robotnik I call them Eggman ooh oh shit
oh shit what's going on who I gotta do
Tails knuckles oh I can move around oh I
just got really dark what do I do
oh shit the walls are closing in Sally
Sally Sally
Sally Sally is getting dark Sally down
oh I can't really see uh I can see
Sally's still okay but the box is
closing in I can't do anything Sally I'm
sorry
sonic my love
that's it I didn't have any chance how's
it oh my god
that was pretty it was pretty bad the
creams death I was just happy I got the
power-ups is this it cuz i know this
game likes to these types of games like
to do stuff so should i click or is this
it i think it's it alright well I didn't
have fun I guess
- I hope you guys some what kinda maybe
a second of this you enjoyed if you did
let me know what kind of horror game you
want me to play next and I'll see you
guys in the next video bye
you